[Docs] Index patterns REST API docs (#100549)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/index-patterns.asciidoc

[[index-patterns-api]]
== Index patterns APIs

> experimental[] Manage {kib} index patterns using REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[] Manage {kib} index patterns.
```

WARNING: Do not write documents directly to the `.kibana` index. When you write directly
to the `.kibana` index, the data becomes corrupted and permanently breaks future {kib} versions.

> WARNING: Prefer using index patterns API for managing {kib} index patterns instead of lower-level <<saved-objects-api, saved objects API>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Use the index patterns API for managing {kib} index patterns instead of lower-level <<saved-objects-api, saved objects API>>.
```
